
= regression tests =



== test links ==


You'll need a recent version of [mozilla firefox http://www.mozilla.org/] to be able to read this video.



auto link: http://www.mozilla.org/ blabla


lazy link: 
www.mozilla.org blabla


local link: [this is a link to the source of this document test.t2t]


several local links (BUG!): [lionwiki-t2t lionwiki-t2t] and [lionwiki-t2t-minimal lionwiki-t2t-minimal]

several local links (possible workaround): [my lionwiki-t2t local:lionwiki-t2t] and [this is lionwiki-t2t-minimal local:lionwiki-t2t-minimal]

You'll need a recent version of [firefox http://www.mozilla.org/] to be able to read this video.


You'll need a recent version of [the firefox browser http://www.mozilla.org/] or [the chrome browser  http://www.google.com/chrome/] to be able to read this video.



//You'll need a recent version of [firefox http://www.mozilla.org/] or [chrome http://www.google.com/chrome/] browser to be able to read this video.//


//You'll need a recent version of [firefox http://www.mozilla.org/] or [chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/] browser to be able to read this video.//


//You'll need a recent version of [firefox http://www.mozilla.org/] or [chrome https://www.google.com/chrome/] or [opera http://www.opera.com] browser to be able to read this video.//

//You'll need a recent version of [firefox http://www.mozilla.org/] or [chrome http://www.google.com/chrome/] or [opera http://www.opera.com] browser to be able to read this video.//

test [ftp ftp://test.com]

test [secure ftp sftp://test.com]


test --- test 



== Test markup (bold, underlined etc) ==


- should display code and not interpret it (bug): ``**bold**`` and ``//italic//``

- Should not bold or italic: *test*
- Should not bold or italic: _test_
- Should not bold or italic: _test_ _test_ *test*
- Should not bold: **test no bold **
- Should not bold: **test no bold **
- should not bold: test **no bold **truc

- Should bold: **another** and **i**

- should not strike: --list --option2
- should not underline: __void __void
- should not italic: //truc1 //truc2

- should --strike out--, __underline this__ and //italic this//


    blockquote (4 spaces) (should interpret **marks**) : should not work
        blockquote lv 2 (only spaces) (should interpret **marks**) : should not work
            blockquote lv 3 (only spaces) (should interpret **marks**) : should not work

	blockquote (1 tab)  (should interpret **marks**)
		blockquote (2 tab)  (should interpret **marks**)
    
end blockquote

	new blockquote (1 tab)

``` code

this is ``monospace``.


It reads a **text** file with **minimal** markup such as ``**bold**`` **and** ``//italic//``. Its python implementation can convert to several formats such as //html, docbook, LaTeX, RTF, Man page, Creole, Wikipedia / MediaWiki, PmWiki, DokuWiki, MoinMoin, AsciiDoc...//


``**``bold``**``




== lists ==

===  Plain List  ===

The dash is the default list identifier. For sublists,
just add **spaces** at the beginning of the line. More
spaces, more sublists.

- Earth
  - America
    - South America
      - Brazil
        - How deep can I go?
  - Europe
    - Lots of countries
- Mars
  - Who knows?


The list ends with **two** consecutive blank lines.


===  Numbered List  ===

The same rules as the plain list, just a different
identifier (plus).

+ one (olist)
+ two (olist)
+ three (olist)
  - mixed lists! (ulist)
  - what a mess (ulist)
    + counting again (olist)
    + ... (olist)
+ four (olist)
- new list (ulist)
 - new list (ulist)
 


== others ==

 poetry
 begins with a single space
 
 
== macros ==

%%date

this is %%date


